.TH "shcodecs-dec" 1 "May 2009" "SH Codecs" "Linux-SH Multimedia"

.SH NAME
shcodecs-dec \- Decode a video file using the SH-Mobile VPU

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B \fBshcodecs-dec\fR [\-w \fBwidth\fR | \-\-width \fBwidth\fR ] [\-h \fBheight\fR | \-\-height \fBheight\fR ] [\-s \fBsize\fR | \-\-size
\fBsize\fR ] [\-f \fBformat\fR | \-\-format \fBformat\fR ] [\-i \fBfilename\fR | \-\-input \fBfilename\fR ] [\-o \fBfilename\fR | \-\-output \fBfilename\fR ]
.PP
\fBshcodecs-dec\fR [\-\-help ]  [\-v  | \-\-version ]

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBshcodecs-dec\fR accepts the following options:

.SS "File options"
.IP "\-i \fBfilename\fR, \-\-input \fBfilename\fR" 10
Set the input filename.

.IP "\-o \fBfilename\fR, \-\-output \fBfilename\fR" 10
Set the output filename.

.SS "Encoding format"
.IP "\-f \fBformat\fR, \-\-format \fBformat\fR" 10
Set the encoding format [h264, mpeg4].

.SS "Dimensions"
.IP "\-w \fBwidth\fR, \-\-width \fBwidth\fR" 10
Set the input image width in pixels.

.IP "\-h \fBheight\fR, \-\-height \fBheight\fR" 10
Set the input image height in pixels.

.IP "\-s \fBsize\fR, \-\-size \fBsize\fR" 10
Set the input image size [qcif, cif, qvga, vga, d1, 720p].

.SS "Miscellaneous options"
.IP "\-\-help" 10
Display usage information and exit.
.IP "\-v, \-\-version" 10
Output version information and exit.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B shcodecs-dec
Decode an input file using the SH-Mobile VPU.

.SH BENCHMARKING
The decoded output is discarded if no output filename is
specified; this can be useful for benchmarking. Alternatively,
specify /dev/null as the output filename.

.SH "File extensions"
File extensions are interpreted as follows unless otherwise specified:
.IP ".m4v" 10
MPEG4
.IP ".264" 10
H.264

.SH AUTHORS

shcodecs-dec was written by Conrad Parker

Please report bugs to <linux-sh@vger.kernel.org>
